{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset136 PMingLiU;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15780\viewh14600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 5 Long Q (4 out of 5)\
H: 2 Hrs\
Time / Venue: 3:30 (3:45) \'96 5:30 (5:45), Rm 404\
*python: you may need to remember the python package which requires import into app engine project\
\
- GAE\
	- GAE characteristics \'96 advantages (security)\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0  	- run sandbox benefit  
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 	- limit 
\f0 port\
	- execution timeout
\f1 \

\f2 	- can not read local file
\f1 \

\f2 	- can not 
\f0 run system call\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 - 
\f0 GAE coding\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		- understand project structure ( file? Python calss?)\
		- handler (coding)\
		- * configuration file \'96 how to add static file / folder / image / login? \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 - Datastore\
	- rdbms vs datastore?\
		- consistency (strong? Eventual?)\
	- coding \'96 create ndb model insert, query\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 - Web API\
	- POST vs GET\
	- json vs xml (markup format)\
	- coding - urllib2 download, read json into dictionary / array \
\
- PM (Scrum / Agile)\
	- definition, waterfall vs scrum\
	- advantages of scrum - pm (i.e., how to manage risk: schedule slip / project cancelled?)\
	- user story - how to write? ( template), story validation?\
	- conditions of satisfaction > acceptance test\
	- scrum vs extreme programming ( or other methodology)\
\
- Security\
	- Inject / XSS\
	- How injection works with example? what harmful thing can injection do? \
	( about SQL )\
	- How does xss work with example? what harmful thing can xss do? \
	( about fake website)\
}